Ilia channels off we are packing ribbons
given last year the ski Atlanta Morris
the mascot on the schedule how is your
feeling I feel so good
of course in this year first time the
same cold condition but I think it's
good for me because I'm from Russia from
civilian region now in my home place is
more colder and I feel good I hope
tomorrow I can fight in for good results
how you would describe the course of
course and did he have the same track
last like in last year and what long and
I know this track really good and they I
hope tomorrow will be a good day for me
what is the most challenging in the cold
conditions is it to to prepare for the
race or is it you're in the race what is
important it's cold condition in most
important not guilt
get really cold before s and on the race
and
good ski it's really important ski
tomorrow I think because today when we
had training Trek it's really slow and
some part of the drag you can go faster
and if you go left or right side it's
really slow and the tomorrow tactic and
ski Justyna Kowalczyk we are here in
Rubens do you like the place yeah of
course I like this place I want to time
here at the it's a good place for me how
is the course here in our bins quarries
maybe not so fast and also tough but
nobody is the very cold condition in the
snow is slowly and this is good the
mascot competition is tomorrow that will
be a tactic I'll try skiing my best and
we're CEO and is that cold is not so
simply to skiing and yeah this I will
try to skiing my best we wish you good
luck for the race
thank you